Change in readme (#4)
irenecrsn/gmat: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/irenecrsn/gmat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/irenecrsn/gmat) [![CRAN downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/gmat)](http://cran.r-project.org/package=gmat) [![CRAN status](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/gmat)](http://cran.r-project.org/package=gmat)

This package implements the methods described in the [paper](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v72/cordoba18a.html):

> > Irene Córdoba, Gherardo Varando, Concha Bielza, Pedro Larrañaga ; Proceedings of the Ninth International Conference on Probabilistic Graphical Models, PMLR 72:61-72, 2018.

Reviewer: You missed the title there. Also reverted author style to standard citation.
```suggestion
> Córdoba, I., Varando, G., Bielza, C. and Larrañaga, P. A partial orthogonalization method for simulating covariance and concentration graph matrices, Proceedings of the Ninth International Conference on Probabilistic Graphical Models, PMLR 72:61-72, 2018.
```
